Privacy policy
Date of entry into force: 15 November 2018

FIBERS SL ("us"," we "or" our") manages of mobile application ("Service").

This page informs you of our policy regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when using our Service and the options associated with that data. Our privacy Policy for FIBERS SL is governed by our privacy Policy.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise specified in this privacy Policy, the terms used in this privacy Policy shall have the same meanings as in our terms of use.

Collection and use of information
We collect several different types of information for different purposes in order to provide and improve our Service to you.

Types of data collected
Personal data
When using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information that can be used for communication or identification ("Personal data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Cookies and usage data
Usage data
When you access the Service from a mobile device, we may automatically collect certain information, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, the unique identifier of your mobile device, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data ("usage Data").

Tracking and cookie data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activity on our Service and to store certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that may contain an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from the website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies are also used as beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information, and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can tell your browser to refuse all cookies or specify when a cookie is sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our Service. You can learn more about how to manage cookies in the browser's file usage Guide.

Examples of cookies we use:

 
Session cookies. We use session Cookies to manage our service.
 
Preference cookies. . We use preference Cookies to remember your preferences and settings.
 
Security cookies. We use Cookies for security purposes.
Use of data
 
FIBERS SL uses the collected data for a variety of purposes:

 
Service provision and maintenance
 
To notify you of changes to our service
 
So that you can participate in the interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
 
To provide customer service and support
 
Provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service.
 
To track the use of the service
 
To detect, prevent, and troubleshoot technical problems
Data transmission
Your information, including Personal data, may be transferred to computers located outside of your state, provincial, national or other state jurisdiction, in areas where data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside Spain and wish to provide us with information, please note that we transfer data, including personal data, to Spain and process it there.

Your acceptance of this privacy Policy, followed by your submission of such information, constitutes your consent to this transfer.

FIBERS SL will take all necessary measures to ensure the reliable processing of your data and in accordance with this privacy Policy, and no transfer of your personal data will take place in any organization or country unless properly controlled, including the security of your data and other personal information.

Disclosure
Legal requirement
FIBERS SL may disclose your Personal data in good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To fulfill a legal obligation
    
Protection and protection of the rights or property of FIBERS SL
    
To prevent or investigate possible violations in connection with the Service
    
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
    
To protect against legal liability.
Data security
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Service provider
We may use third-party companies and individuals to assist with our Services ("service Providers"), provide the service on our behalf, perform services related to the service, or assist us in analyzing the use of our Service.
These third parties have access to your Personal data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are required not to disclose or use them for any other purpose.

Links to other sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be taken to a third party site. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy Policies of each site you visit.

We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of third-party sites or services.

Children's privacy
Our Service does not address persons under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you know that your children have provided us with Personal information, please contact us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from children without parental consent, we will take steps to remove that information from our servers.

Changes to this privacy policy
We may update our privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting a new privacy Policy on this page.

We will notify you by email and / or known notice of our Service prior to the change taking effect and updating the "effective date" at the top of this privacy Policy.

We recommend that you review this privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this privacy Policy apply when posted on this page.

Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy Policy, please contact us:

        
Email: appsupport@fibresnetworks.com
